Welcome to our program. To begin, we have a few updates about our brothers and sisters in
Eritrea. As you'll recall, in September 2024, the authorities imprisoned 23 brothers and
sisters who were peacefully meeting together. We're very pleased to inform you that on December 7,
2024, Sister Sovereign Gebru, who was eight months pregnant at the time, was released from prison.
We rejoice over this positive development. However, her husband, brother Fitsum Goytum, remains in
prison for his faith. Sadly, Eritrea and authorities have recently imprisoned five more of our brothers
and sisters. On November 1, 2024, national security officials arrested four witnesses aged 16
to 18, brothers Zessani Binyum and Ebenezer Jonas, and sisters Seed and Tehista and Horeb Tehista.
The young brothers and sisters were interrogated and immediately taken to the Miserwa prison.
On November 22, 2024, Sister Alma's Gebru Hewitt received a telephone call stating that officials
had taken her daughter to the police station. When Sister Alma's went to the station, the officials
detained her but released her daughter. As of December 23, 2024, there are now 68 brothers and
sisters in Eritrea who are imprisoned for their faith. Please, continue to pray for these
dear brothers and sisters, as well as all of those who are imprisoned for their faith.
As reported on JW.org, on November 6, 2024, the town of Rammapot Planning Board
gave approval for the Rammapot site plan. This means that major construction activities
may now begin. We're grateful to the town board for this approval, but above all, we thank Chahova.
What work has been accomplished on the Rammapot project and what's on the horizon?
We're sure you enjoy the following report.
We are thrilled that final permission for the Rammapot project has been approved by the town
planning board. This is what the site looks like now. A tremendous amount of preparation work has
already been done, including much of the design work. The site has been cleared and temporary
construction support facilities have been installed. But with this approval, we can now start the
construction work itself. Over the next weeks and months, contractors will begin rock blasting
to level the land where the buildings will be. Because of the size of the area that will be developed
and the landscape, this activity will take approximately 18 months to complete. As a comparison,
the rock blasting on the Warwick project took less than six months. The rock will then be crushed
and used to level out other parts of the site and for large retaining walls, all of which will
result in cost savings. Over the next 12 to 18 months, volunteers will start installing the
underground utilities. The two entrances to the property will be complete and the first building
foundations will also be laid. This will quickly lead to structures coming out of the ground,
such as the parking garage and the residence buildings. We are greatly enjoying
Jehovah's rich blessing on this exciting World Headquarters project.
We pray for Jehovah's continued guidance and blessing on the Ramapo project.
We're grateful to all of you dear brothers and sisters who support the Kingdom work worldwide.
You show the spirit of those mentioned at Psalm 110 verse 3. Your people will offer themselves
willingly on the day of your military force. In splendid holiness from the womb of the dawn,
you have your company of young men just like do drops. While many assignments are in the background,
some assignments are more visible to others, for example. Various brothers and sisters who appear
in photos in our publications, or who are used in our videos. In recent years, our organization
has produced hundreds of videos, including full-length dramas. At our conventions this year,
no doubt you appreciated viewing the first episode of the Good News according to Jesus.
We look forward to all 18 episodes. We deeply appreciate the time and hard work that various
brothers and sisters contribute to make these projects come to life. Many from around the world
have appeared in our videos. In some cases, a brother or sister has been interviewed,
or has told an experience from their own life. In other cases, they may have portrayed a
Bible character, or even a modern day character. It could be that you know someone in your local
area who's had this privilege. But here's an important question. How should we view those who
appear in our videos? Those who appear in theocratic videos are dedicated humble servants of
Jehovah. They don't seek fame or glory for themselves. Quite the opposite. They want the glory to go
to Jehovah. Thankfully, the majority of our brotherhood maintains this proper perspective.
Nevertheless, there's a caution for us as viewers. We must avoid transferring our admiration
for the biblical characters to the brothers and sisters who portray them on screen.
Instead, we imitate the faith of the men and women recorded in God's Word.
How could it affect a video participant if we gave him undue attention, treating him like
a celebrity? He could feel embarrassed or self-conscious. This could happen if we ask these ones if
we could take a photo with them. It would be even worse if we posted it on social media,
perhaps even adding comments. At Jude 16, the Bible condemns those who were flattering others
for their own benefit. The footnote on that verse describes this as admiring personalities.
Some of our video participants have become overwhelmed by the inordinate attention.
Some no longer feel comfortable attending large gatherings of Jehovah's people.
It's vital to have the right perspective of those who appear in our videos.
Can you think of a Bible example of someone who was given inappropriate attention as he carried out his
assignment? Perhaps you think of Paul and Barnabas. Acts chapter 14 reports that they became the
center of attention after Paul cured a man who had been lame from birth. This was a faith
strengthening miracle intended to move people to praise and glorify Jehovah and his son.
But what happened? Onlookers missed the point. They became enthralled with Paul and Barnabas instead.
Acts 14 11 and 12 says, When the crowds saw what Paul had done, they cried out in the Likionian
language. The gods have become like humans and have come down to us and they started calling
Barnabas Zeus, but Paul hermys since he was taking the lead in speaking. What was the issue?
Instead of appreciating Jehovah's miracle, they became enamored by the visible participants.
Did Paul and Barnabas appreciate the attention? Let's read verses 14 and 15.
However, when the apostles Barnabas and Paul heard of it, they ripped their garments and leaped
out into the crowd and cried out, Men, why are you doing these things? We too are humans,
having the same infirmities as you have, and we are declaring the good news to you for you to turn
from these vain things to the living God who made the heaven and the earth and the sea and all
the things in them. Paul and Barnabas were quick to set the record straight. They readily admitted,
they were just humans. They explained that their purpose was to declare the good news about the
living God. The same was true of Jesus. He wanted people to glorify God. However, on one occasion,
the crowd became so impressed by Jesus himself that they failed to grasp the meaning of his teaching.
John 6, 14 and 15 reports, when the people saw the sign he performed, they began to say,
this really is the prophet who was to come into the world. Then Jesus knowing that they were about
to come and seize him to make him king, withdrew again to the mountain all alone. Jesus did not want
the prominence. He literally walked away from them and withdrew to the mountain all alone.
How do these Bible examples help us to have the right view of those who appear in our videos?
The brothers and sisters who appear in our videos are humbly carrying out an assignment from the
organization. Like Paul, Barnabas and Jesus, they want the attention and glory to go to Jehovah.
Of course, some brothers and sisters are assigned to portray servants of Jehovah,
but others are assigned to portray enemies of Jehovah. Can you imagine how difficult it
would be for a faithful brother or sister to portray an enemy of Jehovah? We would not want to make
that assignment even more difficult by developing negative feelings toward the individuals who play such
roles. Clearly, balance is needed and how we treat those who play roles in our videos.
May we continue to preserve the peace and unity of our worldwide brotherhood by giving
Jehovah the glory and not the brothers and sisters who appear in our videos.
So what have we discussed in our update? We rejoice that sister Sovereign Gebrew was released
from prison in Eritrea, but we continue to pray for the over 235 brothers and sisters around
the world who are imprisoned for their faith. We're excited about the recent approval from the
Ramapo Town Board, which will allow major construction to begin on the Ramapo project.
We also considered the importance of maintaining a balanced view of those who appear in our videos.
Please know that we love you all very much. From the world headquarters of Jehovah's Witnesses,
this is J.W. Broadcasting.